Part 3)
OR queries: Return a very high number of hits, but may not all be that relevant, as only on term needs to match
AND queries: Very few matches, but very relevant, as they contains all terms.
Phrase queries: When combined with AND, there were no matches, too restrictive. With OR, the matches are therefore all related to the "diabetes" term.

Fuzzy vs exact match:
Fuzzy had the same results as exact match, as I didn't include any typing error and there are no variations with related spelling that could be included using a fuzzy term.

Scoring methods:
BM25F returned top results that were in my opinion the most relevant for my search terms. Using TF-IDF, there were some unexpected results in the top 5 (title: neural control of heartbeat in the leech and in some other invertebrates). Frequency produced the least relevant top hits.

Part 4)

Metrics
• Accuracy@1: 0.384
Proportion of cases where the correct PMID is the top hit.

• Accuracy@5: 0.584
Proportion of cases where the correct PMID appears within the top 5 hits.

Evaluation Questions
• What do these accuracy values reveal about your system performance?
Accuracy@1 = 0.384: in 38.4% of the 1,000 test cases, the MeSH-term “sentence” retrieves the exact same PMID as the top-ranked result. 
Accuracy@5 = 0.584: in 58.4% of cases, the correct PMID is among the top 5 hits. So 20% of the cases return the correct PMID in the top 2-5.
Overall: the system is reasonably effective at finding the original document from MeSH terms using only title+abstract indexing, but it still fails in ~42% of cases even at top 5.

• How do indexing choices and query formulation affect results?
The correct PMID can only be returned if MeSH terms correlate strongly with the wording in title/abstract.
What type of tokenization or stemming is used can be of influence for the result, in case the MeSH tern and the words in the title/abstract are not exact matched, but variants.

• What improvements could be made?
Removing very frequent MeSH terms (e.g. the top 10–50 "general" MeSH terms) could improve the prediction accuracy.
Increase the weight of MeSH terms in the title over MeSH terms in the abstract